hey you guys it's Christina what does a
fully raw vegan eat in a day in the
summertime well guess what summer is my
favorite time out of the year to eat
because we have so much juicy
deliciousness available to us and we get
to bite into the best flavors of the
season people are always asking me what
I eat in a day and this is the perfect
time for me to show you my favorite time
of the year of what I'm eating are you
hungry
here's what I eat in a day I typically
eat 2 to 3 large meals a day of just
fruits vegetables with little nuts or
seeds my first meal of the day is
usually very juicy like a juice or even
a melon of any type today I ate a full
watermelon cut in half scooped out with
a spoon
juicy delicious sweet and if there's
ever a time where I don't feel like
scooping out the watermelon and eating
it I will create my watermelon juice
secret and you guys can simply check
that out in my video here my second meal
of the day is always a huge bowl or
platter of fruit so today I had one of
my favorite treats which is peaches and
nectarines and for me to make a meal out
of these I usually eat around 15 to 20
of them which depending on the size of
your peach your nectarines is only going
to be about 800 calories sometimes a
thousand but maybe not even that much I
like to eat a lot of fruit throughout
the day because what I'm using during
the day is energy therefore I need to be
replacing energy with what I'm using and
fruit is carbohydrate it's a simple fuel
that your bodily will easily use up
digest absorb process it makes you feel
full it hydrates you it is so good for
your skin and it has a lot of fiber in
it which means that it's gonna keep
flushing out a lot of toxins in your
system dinner is my favorite time to
totally veg out because I get to kick up
my feet let my hair down and really
enjoy every single bite that I'm eat
I always like to start off my dinner
with a lot of fruit that way I can top
off my fuel tank if I'm hungry I'm gonna
feel satisfied because all of those
simple carbohydrates will help fill me
for not just that day but also help to
fuel me for the next day keep in mind
that we eat today for tomorrow so if you
need a lot of energy tomorrow make sure
you eat enough today so right before my
dinner I will have probably about a
pound or two of cherries yummy delicious
pop in your mouth delicious cherries I
may also combine them with one of my
favorite fruits of all time are you
looking at this this is about four three
to five pounds of cheese this is so good
they're just black mission figs looking
at this figs are one of my favorite
absolutely favorite summer fruits one of
the best ways to eat a fig is to take it
and flip it inside out so that your
mouth doesn't touch the skin when you do
this your mouth doesn't get that burn I
always finish off my day with eating a
huge beautiful rainbow salad people
always ask me where I get my protein
from and the answer is right here I
typically eat two to three heads of
greens a day which is equal to about 2
to 3 pounds of leafy greens I know it's
hard for a lot of people to eat this
many greens so don't feel bad if you
can't fit it all in One Bowl see if you
can put it in a juice make it in a
smoothie or if you can just make the
biggest rainbow salad that you possibly
can you're looking for some really great
salad recipe ideas I love to use my
cinnamon beet basil marinara on my salad
and I also love my springtime salad
dressing recipe that you can click on
right there another really great one
that you can use in summer times maybe
even just to blend up a little bit of
basil with mango and rosemary and just
blend it in on top mmm
you need add a little bit of orange
juice in there to the people always ask
me Kristina do you really eat all that
in one day and the answer is yes and
keep in mind that fully raw foods are
lower in calorie but higher in water
content which means that you need to eat
more of them to get the necessary amount
of energy in your day that you need to
fully function and to perform at your
best so don't be afraid to eat a lot
this is a lifestyle about abundance
it is about juicy deliciousness it is
about eating into your heart's content
because it is very difficult to over eat
on fully raw foods because they are so
low in calorie so I say eat until you
are 100% satisfied and then no more then
you can just sit there rub your belly
and smile so this is everything that I
ate today for breakfast I had a whole
watermelon or I blended them up and I
made my watermelon juice secret for
lunch I had a full platter of fruit
juicy delicious peaches and nectarines
enough to keep me fully carved up
throughout the day
and for dinner I topped off my fuel take
with three to four pounds of things
about a pound of cherries and a huge
juicy delicious rainbow salad so if you
guys liked this video and if you love
summer juicy delicious fruits I think
you should give this video a thumbs up I
want to thank you guys for being here
for sharing this seasonal bounty with me
for enjoying every bite along the way if
you guys need more tips tricks or
recipes on how to go fully raw please
join me here at fully raw Kristina as we
have fun in the kitchen together trying
to go fully raw you guys can also follow
me daily and see what I'm eating what
I'm doing where I'm running all at fully
raw Kristina on Facebook Pinterest
Instagram and Twitter
aren't you guys I think I'm starting to
feel hungry again so I hope that you
guys go and get a huge bounty to enjoy
and I send the
hi heaven I'm in heaven and my heart
beats so that I can hardly speak and
it's because of these delicious figs I
eat